docs: Rename Azure IPAM to Azure IPAM (Legacy) (#28685)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/concepts/ipam/azure.rst

.. _ipam_azure:

###################
Azure IPAM (Legacy)
###################

.. note::

>    While still maintained for now, Azure IPAM is considered legacy. The recommended way to install cilium on AKS is 

Reviewer: Nit - There are two ways

```suggestion
   While still maintained for now, Azure IPAM is considered legacy.
   The recommended ways to install cilium on AKS are 
```
